feat(curriculum): add password generator project to Python curriculum (#52444)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-regular-expressions-by-building-a-password-generator/6564d75a923d21815caaa445.md

---
id: 6564d75a923d21815caaa445
title: Step 43
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-43
---

# --description--

> If you need to match any character that has a special meaning, as `.` or `+`, you need to escape it prepending a backslash character before it. For example, this matches a literal plus sign: `\+`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to match any character that has a special meaning, such as `.` or `+`, you need to escape it by prepending a backslash character`\`. For example, this matches a literal plus sign: `\+`.
```
